
+++
title = 'About IWW'
sort_by = 'weight'
weight = 0
+++
The I.W.W. (Industrial Workers of the World) is a member-run union for
all workers, a union dedicated to organizing on the job, in our
industries and in our communities. Here are some I.W.W. Fun Facts:

- Founded in Chicago in 1905
- I.W.W. members are referred to as wobblies
- There are general membership branches all around the world—Australia, 
  Germany & Austria, the United Kingdom, & China, just to name a few!

We are the Industrial Workers of the World because we organize
industrially. This means we organize all workers producing the same
goods or providing the same services into one big union, rather than
dividing workers by skill or trade, so we can pool our strength to win
our demands together.
   
Since the I.W.W. was founded in 1905, we have made significant
contributions to the labor struggles around the world and have a proud
tradition of organizing across gender, ethnic, and racial lines long
before such organizing was popular.

We invite you to become a member whether or not the I.W.W. happens to
have representation rights in your workplace. We organize the worker,
not the job, and recognize that unions are not about government
certification or employer recognition but about workers coming
together to address common concerns. Sometimes this means refusing to
work with dangerous equipment and chemicals. Other times it means
agitating around particular issues or grievances in a workplace or
industry.
     
The IWW in Boston, MA strives to build local and regional working
class solidarity as a General Membership Branch of the IWW through organizing, advocacy, and promotion of worker’s rights.
     
Membership in the branch is by voluntary association of members in
good standing of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) who reside
or work in the Greater Boston Area and much of the Eastern half of
Massachusetts.

**If you are a worker—not an employer or member of law enforcement—you can join the IWW. If you are unemployed you can join the IWW!**

Email boston at iww.org, or [read more about joining](join) today!
[password protection](password protection)
